[fix, doc] add image feature extraction tutorial + small fixes (#673)
facebookresearch/mmf: website/docs/tutorials/image_feature_extraction.md

---
id: image_feature_extraction
title: Image Feature Extraction
sidebar_label: Image Feature Extraction
---

> In this tutorial, we will go through the step-by-step process of generating image features with FasterRCNN-R-101 feature extractor. MMF provides utility scripts for running image feature extractions. For example: `tools/scripts/features/extract_features_vmb.py`. The script allows you to optionally parallize the feature extraction execution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we will go through the step-by-step process of generating image features with FasterRCNN feature extractors. MMF provides utility scripts for running image feature extractions using different models (Faster RCNN with X-101 backbones and X-152 backbones). For example: `tools/scripts/features/extract_features_vmb.py`. The script allows you to optionally parallelize the feature extraction execution. 
```

Here are the steps in a nut shell:

> - Prerequisites: Install vqa-maskrcnn-benchmark

Reviewer 2: The installation using `extract_features_vmb.py` doesn't work out of the box. One needs to install MMF first.

Correct set of instructions should actually do following steps:

- Create a new conda environment specifically for feature extraction so that it doesn't mess up current MMF env.
- git clone and install MMF.
- install VQA maskrcnn benchmark, making sure prerequisites are followed.

- Download the dataset (not covered in this tutorial)
- Identify which vision feature extractor you'd like to use
- Extract image features 
- Extract image features with slurm

## Prerequisites and Intallation

> Follow the prerequisites for installation of the vqa_maskrcnn-benchmark [here](https://gitlab.com/vedanuj/vqa-maskrcnn-benchmark#installation) 

Reviewer 2: Can we move the prerequisites here so that they are under our control. Then, we can update that repo's README to point here instead.

```

## Extract Image Features with cluster workload manager (e.g., Slurm)

We can utilize slurms based cluster workload manager to do image feature extraction in parallel on multiple machines. This can greatly speed up the processing time if you have lots of images that need to have their features extracted. Please refer to `mmf/mmf/tools/scripts/features/extract_features_vmb.py` to see how you can adapt it to work for your purpose. As an example here, I showcase how to run image feature extraction on Flickr test set on 2 machines.

### Separate the images into 2 set

Create a `<IMAGE_LISTS_FOLDER>` folder that contains 2 files, each of the file contains a list of full image paths with newline as delimiter. 

```bash
#!/bin/bash

for image_list in $(ls <IMAGE_LISTS_FOLDER>)
do
    sbatch --mem 128GB --nodes=1 --gres=gpu:1 --partition=<your_partition> --time=3000 --cpus-per-task=8 \
    flickr_test_extract_image_feature.sh $image_list
done
```

Separately, in `flickr_test_extract_image_feature.sh` write the following:

```bash

#!/bin/bash

> python pythia/scripts/features/extract_features_vmb.py \

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't it be: python tools/scripts/features/extract_features_vmb.py \ ?
